---
title: "& please just stay here, i need u so much.."
excerpt: "From the moment I met you, I knew I had encountered someone truly extraordinary. Your beauty is dazzling, outshining even the sun. Your beauty goes beyond mere words, radiating in every aspect of your being. Suci, I want you to know just how valuable you are.."
coverImage: "/assets/blog/2/2.jpeg"
date: "2024-06-10T05:35:07.322Z"
author:
  name: Joe Haddad
  picture: "/assets/blog/authors/joe.jpeg"
ogImage:
  url: "/assets/blog/2/2.jpg"
---

Suci Nur Insani,

From the moment I met you, I knew I had encountered someone truly extraordinary. Your beauty is dazzling, outshining even the sun. Your beauty goes beyond mere words, radiating in every aspect of your being. Suci, I want you to know just how valuable you are. You are worth more than the word "precious" can ever convey. You possess so many wonderful qualities that make you truly extraordinary, and I am so proud of you.

I am incredibly grateful to have met and gotten to know you. You bring so much joy into my life. Your playful nature, the way you speak to me, your adorable moments of affection—all these things make me cherish you even more. I love hearing about your day, and I just want you to know how much you mean to me.

I know how much you love Kinder Joy, how you find joy in a beautiful evening sky, how much you enjoy a good chocolate or ice cream. These little things are part of what makes you so special, so wonderful. And please, never worry about how I see you, because in my eyes, you are simply amazing. 

When you're with me, be yourself. There's no need to be anyone else because your true self is what I adore. I want you to feel comfortable and at ease, knowing that im so proud of u for who u are. 

Stay motivated today, and always remember to take care of yourself. Your health is important, and I want you to always be in good spirits. Thank you for being such an incredible part of my life, Suci. Your presence is a blessing, and I am lucky to met someone like you. 

Always know that you are cherished, and I am here for you, supporting you in everything you do. Stay wonderful, stay beautiful, and most importantly, stay you.
